If you're stuck in the zero woo jail or
just can't get your shorts viral, the
problem might not be your shorts, but
the way you're uploading them. Today,
I'm giving you my exact uploading
process that helped me get results like
this and this. And I'll even reveal a
simple setting that almost no YouTube
specialist is talking about. A setting
that got me over 1 million extra views
on multiple shorts just by changing that
one thing. So, if you skip even a single
part of this video, that might be
exactly what's holding you back from the
views and the income you
deserve. Now, the first step would be to
upload your shorts from the right
device. You can upload shorts from your
computer or your phone, but I highly
recommend using your phone. Why? Because
the mobile app gives you access to
important settings you won't find on
desktop. Later on, I'll show you how
these mobile only settings can massively
boost your views. But first, here's the
easiest way to transfer your video from
your computer to your phone for those
who don't know. So, first, upload the
video to Google Drive. Open Google Drive
on your phone, download the file, and
boom, you're ready to upload from your
phone. From here, we can move on to the
next part, hashtags. Most of the views
on shorts come from the shorts feed, not
from hashtags. which means that most of
the time hashtags on shorts are pretty
useless. In fact, using too many
hashtags or keywords can backfire.
YouTube may ignore them entirely.
They've even stated that using over 60
hashtags can result in your video being
removed from uploads or search. So, just
add a few key hashtags that fit your
niche. You can also include a few
keywords in your description, but don't
overthink it. It won't make a big
difference. My most popular short
doesn't have any tags, hashtags, or even
a description. I simply selected the
video category to help you to better
understand what type of content it was,
and that was enough. The video sits at
over 9 million views without any
hashtags. Now, you might be wondering,
then what are the actual settings and
upload strategies that make your videos
perform better? Let's move on to the
title, because that's where the things
get a little more interesting. Because
if done correctly, you can actually
increase your watch time and engagement
with just a better title, which will
naturally make your video perform
better. To boost watch time on my
shorts, I add something in the title
that makes viewers want to stick around
until the end to get the answer. For
example, on this video, I use the title,
"What Ronaldinho said at the end is
wild." When people read the title, it
creates curiosity and makes people crave
that final moment. Now they are really
invested into the short and really want
to know what really happened at the end.
But there is an even more interesting
method that everyone sees but nobody
talks about. I believe you've already
noticed this strange pattern where
shorts creators name all their videos
with a similar phrase like don't click
the sound. You might think it doesn't do
anything but it actually does. These
creators are using reverse psychology
and some people actually click on the
sound. YouTube's algorithm counts that
as engagement. Clicking the sound,
commenting, liking, all of it means they
are spending more time on the platform
and that means YouTube will push that
video to a wider audience. However, I've
never used this method because I had an
even better one. A method that doubled
my views on some videos, turning 2
million views into 4 million with just
one simple change. But first, you need
to know the right time to upload your
shorts. You might think you are
uploading at the right time, but if
you're even an hour off, you could be
missing out on tons of potential views.
So, listen carefully. Before uploading
any short, I always make sure to post it
at the exact time when my audience is
most active. That first hour after
uploading is crucial for reach. Go to
your YouTube analytics, open the
audience tab, and check when your
viewers are most active. Then, upload or
schedule your short about 1 hour before
your audience's peak time. This helps
build momentum as your viewers start
coming online. And if you're uploading
it earlier, don't set it to private.
Instead, make it unlisted. That way,
YouTube can still scan the video for any
copyright issues before it goes public.
When a video is private, YouTube can't
scan it, which could cause problems just
when the video starts taking off. Now,
before we get to the most interesting
part of this video, how I gain millions
of extra views by changing just one
thing, I want to quickly show you my
free YouTube growth Discord group. If
you have any questions about growing
your channel, this is the perfect place.
With over 2,000 like-minded creators,
you won't be doing it alone. From
beginners to people making thousands of
dollars. On top of that, I share daily
advices and sometimes I host free group
calls. So, yeah, growing on YouTube
alone is hard. So, click the link in the
description and make this journey a
whole lot more enjoyable. So, here's how
I double my views with simple trick. If
you don't know already, there are three
main ways to get views from YouTube
shorts. You can get them from the short
feed, search, or browse features. Most
of your videos probably only get views
from the shorts feed, but you could
actually double your views and make them
more evergreen if you focused on making
them show up in browse features, too.
And to do that, you actually need to
start making thumbnails for your shorts.
You might think that's stupid, and yeah,
most people under this part, but it
helped me get more than half of the
views on a 4 million view short just
from browse features and even suggested
videos. And that means that the short
was shown on their homepage next to long
form videos and people were clicking on
it. And that signal to YouTube to put
that short on their homepage more often.
Not only that, it also improved the
longevity of the video. If a short is
promoted only in the shorts feed, it
usually blows up fast, but then it
completely flatlines. But my shorts with
thumbnails keep getting consistent views
every day from browse, making me money
passively. Sure, it's not a lot per
video, but if you got hundreds of shorts
getting views daily for months or even
years, it adds up quickly and becomes a
powerful source of passive income. There
are people who do clickbaity thumbnails
on shorts and gets tens of millions of
views with most of them coming not from
the shorts feed, but from the browse
features. So, when editing a video,
always include a highly clickable frame
that you prepared in Photoshop or in any
different thumbnail making app. And once
you upload that short through phone, you
can actually select that frame from the
video as the thumbnail. You can't upload
a thumbnail for your shorts from
computer. So that's why I recommended to
use phone. Personally, I do this process
in the Photoshop. And for my private
community members, I have some Photoshop
templates and dedicated lessons on this
topic. And people here are getting fast
results. So if you want to join it, you
can check the link in the description.
But since you sticked until the end, I
know you want even more views. So,
here's one last bonus for you. You can
also add a related video to all of your
shores when uploading. It shows up above
your title, and if you give that video a
strong title, people will click it,
sending them from one video to another
and another, bringing you even more
views. But what if even after following
the exact steps I showed you, you still
can't break through the flat lines or
escape the zero goose jail? Well,
alongside good upload strategies and
settings, you also need engaging,
highquality videos. If you're stuck at
zero views, that probably means you
warmed up your account poorly and
YouTube thinks you are a bot uploading
some trash or spam content. If you're
getting a few hundred to a few thousand
views, I'll be honest, that usually
means your content just sucks. And if
you are stuck around 30,000 views, your
videos are likely good but not
outstanding. So, you need to level up.
To learn exactly how to do that, click
and watch these videos next.
[Music]